New stable version of tracim: release_02.06.01 (#2698)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

### New Features

- Search:
  - lite search similar to Tracim v1
  - smart search base on ElasticSearch (full text) ([Documentation here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/develop/backend/doc/setting.md#search-method-using-elastic_search-tracim-23))
- Easy content move using Drag & Drop
- Lots of UX improvement

### New Features (technical)

- It's now possible to configure Tracim using environment variables ([Documentation here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/develop/backend/doc/setting.md#tracim-22-fully-supported-var))

> If you have used Tracim on Docker before this release, you need to delete this files `tracim_web.ini` `tracim_web.ini` `tracim_caldav.ini` available in this default folder `~/tracim/etc` before starting Tracim 2.3.0 (all files are created on startup)

Reviewer: This part should be in migration guide part

Author: Done

### New Features

- Search:
  - lite search similar to Tracim v1
  - smart search base on ElasticSearch (full text) ([Documentation here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/develop/backend/doc/setting.md#search-method-using-elastic_search-tracim-23))
- Easy content move using Drag & Drop
- Lots of UX improvement

### New Features (technical)

- It's now possible to configure Tracim using environment variables ([Documentation here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/develop/backend/doc/setting.md#tracim-22-fully-supported-var))
- New licence: combination of MIT, LGPLv3 and AGPLv3
- Since 2.3 version, following services are automatically launched when Tracim start with docker:
  - Radicale (agenda)
  - WebDAV

### Migration from <= 2.2.0 to 2.3.0

> - Docker: you need to delete this files `tracim_web.ini` `tracim_web.ini` `tracim_caldav.ini` available in this default folder `~/tracim/etc` before starting Tracim (all files are created on startup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only if you are using Docker: before starting Tracim, you need to delete these files `tracim_web.ini` ===> missing webdav file <=== `tracim_caldav.ini` available in the default folder `~/tracim/etc` (all files are created on startup)
```

Author: Thats a good suggestion.

Author: Done
